Add Support for Different Marketplace Tags in Detailed Description and Readme Files (#2084)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* enhanced ***validate*** command to list all command names affected by a backward compatibility break, instead of only one.
* Added support for Wizard content item in the **format**, **validate**, **upload**, **create-id-set**, **find-dependecies** and **create-content-artifacts** commands.
* Added a new flag to the **validate** command, allowing to run specific validations.

> * Added support in **unify** and **create-content-artifacts** for slightly different documentations (detailed description + readme) depending on the marketplace version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support in **unify** and **create-content-artifacts** for showing content item documentations (detailed description + readme) depending on the marketplace version.
```
